refactor(attendee report): Change the text of tooltips on the attendee report page. (#1248)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

* Tweak - Change attendee registration page shortcode to use ID instead of page slug, add function for backward compatibility [124997]
* Tweak - Added filters: `tribe_attendee_registration_form_no_provider_class`, `tribe_attendee_registration_form_classes`, `tribe_attendee_registration_form_class`
* Tweak - Changed views: `blocks/rsvp/form/quantity`, `blocks/rsvp/icon-svg`, `blocks/rsvp/status/going-icon`, `blocks/rsvp/status/going`, `blocks/rsvp/status/not-going-icon`, `blocks/rsvp/status/not-going`, `registration/content`

> * Tweak - Changed some attendee report tooltip text for clarity around capacity/inventory/stock [126342]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Changed some attendee report tooltip text to clarify capacity/inventory/stock and added a link for more information about Availability [126342]
```
